docs(refactor): review docs MTA-1808 (#442)
scaleway/docs-content: dedibox-network/ip-failover/how-to/configure-reverse-dns.mdx

  h1: How to the reverse DNS of a failover IP
  paragraph: This page explains how to configure the reverse DNS for a failover IP.
dates:
  validation: 2022-02-28
  posted: 2021-07-29
---

> Failover IP addresses allow several IPs on the server and thus, for example, one IP for each website or virtual machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Failover IP addresses allow you to have several IP addresses with your server. This allows you to assign IP addresses to different websites or to virtual machines.
```
